Add alt texts (#22068)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/user_interface/page_actions/index.md

Commonly referred to as a [page action](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/pageAction) button, this user interface option is a button added to the browser address bar. Users click the button to interact with extensions.

> ![Page action button example](address_bar_button.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Page action button is an icon of a dog paw print](address_bar_button.png)
```
